Are you going to make me a suit?
No.
I'm not making you a suit.
I wasn't talking to you.
Can you be quiet for a second?
Oh?
Then, who were you talking to?
Chest 40.
Upper arm 15.
Arm length 16.5.
Overlap 28.5.
Wrist 7.
Shoulders 18.5.
Front shoulder 16.5.
Front torso 17.
Back shoulder 16.5.
Back torso 19.
Neck 15.5.
Waist 32.
Hips 36.
I need to thank you
and to talk to you
about many things.
I have something
to tell you as well.
I hate you so much.
Rin?
- Rin?
- Yes?
Are you alright?
That's right. You just froze.
Well, I...
Oh, the rain stopped.
It comes and goes like that.
Right.
Just a second.
Hello?
Really?
Okay.
I have to excuse myself.
Tanthai isn't feeling good.
And we have to go to a fitting...
for another brand.
I'll excuse myself now.
I'll see her off.
Tan.
Tan, wait.
Aren't you going to talk
about the...
About what happened?
Can we do it later
if it's about that?
But I have nothing to talk about.
I don't want to believe
what happened either.
But now that we've met,
I'd like to know
what's happened between us as well.
Do you know
how long I've been annoyed with...
with this nonsense?
I don't care what it is,
whether it's a special power
or a curse.
I think we should
stay away from each other.
Mai, let's go.
Wait.
Shoot!
Rarin!
Will you marry me?
No.
(60th wedding proposal)
Rin, why not?
It's probably the 60th time that
I've turned you down, Pos.
Why are you so sulky, hon?
You won't answer my calls
or my texts. Are you
angry with me, hon?
I'm not.
But can you stop calling me "hon?"
- How come?
- We're not a couple.
- No need to be embarrassed.
- Hey, hey!
Hey, hey! Wassup man? Hey, yo!
Pay some attention.
You opened the door and hit my car.
Oh, calm down.
Right.
This is my card.
Call me later. I have to talk
to my future wife.
- What are you...
- Hey, hey!
Tan, enough!
That's enough!
- Stop!
- Cut it out!
I'll call you back.
Get in the car.
- But our car...
- Get in the car.
Aren't you in a hurry to leave?
Hurry up. Get in the car.
- Pos!
- Get in the car.
In-the-car.
Who was that jerk?
Rin?
Rin!
Perfect!
Don't worry, Mai.
With my decades of experience
in the industry, I can guarantee it.
Okay. I hope Tan likes it.
Perfect.
Satan. The devil.
I'm sorry. I think
this outfit is still...
I think
the outfit is a go.
A go? So that means...
It means it's okay.
It's more than okay.
I assure you,
once you arrive at the event,
all eyes will be on you
and you only.
All the reporters will
swarm you for sure.
Wichai, do you have
any other choices?
Don't worry, Mai.
This outfit is definitely
for a manly man like Tan.
I don't want to wear this.
Please change it for me.
One moment, please.
The thing is, other brands are
giving us the cold-shoulder.
I know you don't like the outfit.
But can't you just bear with it?
I'm trying to be civilized.
But don't I even get to
have a say in what I wear?
For now, you don't. I don't either.
But this is beyond acceptable!
- What should I do, then?
- I don't know!
I'm so exhausted today.
Hey, you.
Oh, wait. Tanthai.
You again?
It's been a while
since we last talked.
Can you just get out of my head?
I'm begging you.
I'd like to do that.
But how can I stop my own thoughts?
You're so annoying.
Seriously,
why do you hate me so much?
Ahh!
Wait. What are you doing?
Jerk! Stop making
those weird noises.
Ahh!
Tan, now that we're talking, why
don't we talk nicely to each other?
I have a lot of things to ask you.
I have questions for you too.
Hmm? What is it?
Are all women scatterbrains
like you?
Can you stop being cheeky
with me already?
I'm not a scatterbrain.
Hey! It's that bag.
I've only seen it in pictures.
It's so pretty!
See?
Stop teasing me.
That woman's got a nice bag
but her perfume stinks.
See?
Well, I can't stop thinking.
What do you want me to do?
Just think when it's necessary.
- The lift! Wait for me!
- Hmm?
Have you been living here long?
Why haven't I seen you before?
I just moved here.
I need a private space
because of my acting job.
That explains it.
I've been living here for ages,
but I've never seen you.
And why did I have to
answer you honestly? Darn it.
See? You can't stop
your own thoughts either.
Two.
What are you doing?
I'm reading the numbers
so I won't have to talk to you.
You need to think of something else.
What should I think of then?
Three.
That smells nice.
What's that smell?
It must be coming from
that lady's bag.
Her family's dinner
for tonight must be
sago with pork filling.
- Four.
- Gosh, I'd like some.
Why haven't I bought any before?
If there's sago, then it should come
with steamed rice dumplings.
Wow! It must be so yummy
when it's hot.
Wow!
Now I really want some.
If you don't think about nonsensical
stuff, then it's only about food?
Oh? Well, you told me
to think about anything.
I did.
But the things you're thinking about
are all...
annoying!
Hey! Don't belittle me!
Excuse me.
I'd been working all day,
that's why I haven't had dinner yet.
And the lady's sago smells so good.
- What a glutton.
- Well, I'm hungry!
If you're hungry,
would you like some of this?
Oh, it's okay.
Thank you and sorry.
Oh, jeez.
So embarrassing.
I just found out
how mad designers can get
when they're hangry.
Designers are humans too.
I don't eat fabric for food.
Tan, why can't we talk
nicely like before?
Nine-zero-one.
Hmm? Is that your room number?
Rin, stop rummaging
through the secrets in my head.
I didn't want to.
You're assuming things.
Did you know that
when I put on earphones,
your voice disappears?
Later.
Where are you going?
Wait, hey!
- Bye.
- Tan!
Tan!
Tanthai!
Hey.
The rain finally stopped.
Wait, wait, wait.
What are you doing?
If you don't stop,
then I'm going to call security.
I just wanted to ask you
to come somewhere with me.
And why do I have to?
What if you trick me into
doing something scandalous?
I won't do anything to you.
I guarantee that
I won't put you in harm's way.
Hey, girls!
Why do I only
hear your voice, Prince?
Can you be quiet?
I'm trying to concentrate.
And what are you doing?
I'm reading.
And how many times do I have to
tell you to not call me Prince?
It's ticklish.
Okay then.
What are you reading?
I think for the rest of my life,
there's only going to be you.
Will you be my friend forever?
I'll read the story out loud.
And you can sit quietly and listen.
Okay.
But it so happened that,
after walking for a long time
through sand, rocks, and snow,
the little prince finally
came upon a road.
I see.
And all roads lead to people.
"Good day," he said.
He was standing in front of a garden
blooming with roses.
"Good day," said the roses.
The little prince stared at them.
They all looked
just like his flowers.
"Who are you?" he demanded,
in astonishment.
What would you like to order?
I'd like a
strawberry yogurt frappe, please.
Right away, miss.
Come in.
Why did you bring me here?
This is the first suit I ever made.
I was inspired by your voice.
Can you
try it on?
And why should I?
Do you know that
as a designer,
to switch from female
to male clothing
is very challenging?
Because anatomically, males
and females are very different.
Especially making a suit.
The measurement needs to be exact.
So?
I made this suit
in hopes that someone will wear it.
Someone who comforts me
when I'm down.
Someone who talks to me
when I have no one left.
And that certain someone
is standing in front of me now.
But...
It's like
a dream knowing
that you actually exist.
And this is probably
the best way for me
to thank you.
I knew that it would fit.
It's probably a coincidence.
I don't think so.
Because I heard your measurements
through our special power.
So I used it
as a reference to make this suit.
28.5.
Wrist 7.
Shoulders 18.5.
Front shoulder 16.5.
Front torso 17.
Back shoulder 16.5.
What all did you hear?
Let's get straight
to the point then.
I want you to be
the muse for Rarin Couture.
The muse?
What does that mean?
A muse is
a person who is
an inspiration to an artist.
Me? Your inspiration?
What if I refuse?
You won't.
How can you be so sure?
Let me rephrase it.
Mai, your manager, won't refuse.
Because she knows
that it's a win-win situation.
And I know
what you did at LMAO.
You know about that?
The fashion industry is small.
I think it will be beneficial
for us both.
You've got a brand like Rarin
to take care of your image.
And I've got a young, rising-star
as my first model.
It sounds like
a win-win situation to me.
So it all comes down to business?
Tanthai!
Hey! Tanthai!
Listen to me!
I will transform you
into a new person.
No, that's not it.
You're still you.
But better.
The best version of you.
Everyone will see you
in a new light.
I'm going to make you
into the prince of Rarin.
I'm begging you.
Please stop calling me Prince.
- I'm not a prince...
- Tanthai.
Other people don't see what I see.
And other people
don't hear what I hear.
I'm asking you
only to do it for this event.
Please?
Alright.
But if tomorrow night,
I can't be the prince
that you want me to be,
you have to stop pestering me.
This is the deal.
Okay?
Are you going now?
Yes.
Don't you want a tour?
Where are you going?
- That's very sweet!
- Please strike a pose.
- Smile!
- Very pretty.
This camera, please.
Can you put your arm around her?
That's very cute.
Thank you very much.
Please smile.
Stand closer to each other.
We would've been in trouble
if Rin didn't help us.
By the way, you actually
look good in that.
Don't I look good
in everything I wear?
Okay. I hope you look good
for the rest of the event.
I'll see you over there.
This way, please.
- This way, Tan.
- This camera, please.
Please strike a pose.
Smile, please.
- Can I have an interview?
It seems you've been hanging out
with Rarin a lot.
- Is there anything going on?
- There's nothing.
You know that I'm outspoken.
If there was something else,
I think you must be assuming things
instead.
Is there any indication from Rarin?
What about you
and the camera person?
Is there anything going on
between you two?
Anything?
Record it. Record.
Just like they say.
He's handsome
but he's so ill-mannered.
What kind of answer
to the press was that?
What do you think you're doing?
I didn't do anything.
You didn't do anything?
What kind of crazy celebrity
talks to the press like that?
That's not how a prince
would behave at all.
You're so fussy.
Oh.
Rin,
this is an awards ceremony,
not a party.
Hold this for me.
This way!
Can I get an interview with you?
She's so pretty!
What brand are you wearing?
Do you like it, Primrose?
I love it.
It's very beautiful.
Thank you very much, Primrose.
Where are you going, Rin?
You're so pretty.
Prim!
- Yes?
- What are you doing?
What am I doing?
This dress.
What's the matter with it?
You modified my design.
Don't you have
any respect for the designer?
What were you thinking?
I just shortened your dress a bit.
You know the press likes that.
I'm helping promote your brand.
Prim,
take it off.
What did you say?
Take off the dress.
You can no longer wear this dress.
What happened, Rarin?
Since when did you doing that?
I have to excuse myself.
Rarin, please answer the question!
Please answer the question!
What's wrong with the dress?
So what's going on?
Hey!
Tan!
What are you doing?
I'm a little tipsy.
I'd like to go home.
Tan! Tan!
What's going on?
Wow, you're actually quite fierce.
Hurry up!
Quickly!
Hello, Mai.
That's all for tonight. You can go.
Yes. I'm sorry.
Okay. Bye.
Why did you help me?
I didn't.
I just left the event
with you tagging along. That's all.
I'm not drunk.
I'm fully aware of what's going on.
Even though you're not drunk,
you've lost your train of thought.
Do you know that
it wasn't easy for me
to become a designer?
Since I started working,
I've always been under
so much pressure.
Because I'm a new designer,
I constantly have to prove myself
to other people.
And now after what's happened
tonight...
All my designs are like my babies.
I look after and take care of them.
But then someone treated
one of my babies badly.
It's...
You know what?
This suit is too hot.
But it's very beautiful.
Thank you.
I just feel sorry for you.
Your new brand
is like a bird
that just left its nest.
Those reporters are like a pack of
wolves looking to attack you.
I've always been involved
in scandals.
I have nothing to lose.
But you're actually quite cool.
You dared to do that
in front of the press.
What about you?
Don't you want to change yourself?
I know that you're much better than
what other people see.
You saved me tonight.
Let other people see me
however they want to.
I know what I'm doing,
that's enough.
But you're not alone in this world.
Why do you have to make
other people hate you?
Even though I haven't been
in this industry for long,
I think it's toxic.
You've been in it longer than me.
You probably know it well.
That's true. This industry is toxic.
Some people compete with others
to be in the limelight.
Some people step over others
to get what they want.
But you don't have to
be toxic like them.
I believe that you can
become a prince...
and not a scarecrow.
But a prince
that a regular guy can be.
No matter what your beliefs are,
I can't be your prince.
Besides,
after tomorrow,
we won't see each other anymore.
What do you mean?
Did you forget about our deal?
Hold on.
I haven't given up on you yet.
There's no need to guess.
Tomorrow, there'll be news
along the lines of,
"model dragged
the designer out of the event."
"Completely drunk."
But that's not true.
I can explain it to the press.
It's no use.
No one is going to listen to you.
But I'll help you.
I will help improve your image
and make you more nice suits
that you can wear.
I'll take care of your public image.
But please,
will you let me change you?
- I don't need that.
- But I want to.
Why are you so fixated on me?
Why would you put that much
of an effort into me?
What do you want from me?
Well, I...
I even told you
that I hate you.
Let's go.
I'll give you a lift.
- Tan!
What's going on with Rarin?
- I'd rather not answer right now.
- It's a private time. Excuse me.
There's a rumor about Rarin visiting
you at your condo. Is that true?
- It's true. But...
- This is not a good time.
What about your sister?
She's also a designer like Rarin.
How are they connected?
Is it true that Rarin helped pay
for her medical expenses?
Is that why there's something
going on between you two?
Please answer the question.
Please answer the question, Tan.
Why do you have to hide
the truth from us?
So what's going on
between you and Rarin?
Please answer the question.
Why are these people so selfish?
(Wasted Celebrity T Dragged
Designer R Away from the Red Carpet)
Tan?
I want to get out of here.
Hey, can you hear me?
This again?
Why? Why does it have
to be about Rung?
Tan, can you hear me?
Where are you?
I can't take it anymore.
I want to get out of here.
- Why are these people so selfish?
- Tan?
- Can you hear me?
- This again?
- Tanthai?
- Why are these people so selfish?
I want to get out of here.
Why does it have to be about Rung?
Can't it be about something else?
What are they thinking?
Why does it have to be about Rung?
- I can't take it anymore.
- Tanthai!
Tanthai?
I'm here now.
I'll help you.
We're in talks about me
becoming the muse.
I have my own reasons.
From now on, let's stay out
of each other's business.
Rin, what's wrong?
Are you sick?
Tanthai, help me.
Hang in there, Rin.
I'm coming to see you.
I don't want you going
near her anymore.
Her life is chaotic enough as it is.
I won't wear Rarin's
clothing anymore.